# GraphQL-over-HTTP WG - June 2022

Video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sdF-trSgPPs

## Discussion of [https://github.com/graphql/graphql-over-http/pull/175](https://github.com/graphql/graphql-over-http/pull/175)

- Security aspects brought up
- Specify, non-normative notes, ignore entirely
- “If you use other media types, make sure you’re aware of the security
  consequences of doing so”
- Should we forbid not sending a content-type header?
  - Forbidding it seems too strong.
  - We should add a note explaining why servers should reject a request with no
    content-type header, but perhaps not forbid it outright.
- Any time we have a should, we should add a non-normative note explaining why
- **ACTION** - Benjie - see if you can incorporate David’s feedback, with the
  feedback of the subcommittee too.

## Status

- Currently preliminary
- Will turn into draft status when proposed to the main GraphQL working group

## Structure of future extensions

- How do we tie in additional features such as subscriptions, server-sent
  events, stream, defer, …?
- Separate specifications or addition to the main spec?
- Additional features should be introduced optionally and not change compliance
  of existing servers
- Having features such as subscriptions in the spec can reduce duplication
- Headings such as “Media Types” might move under a top-level heading to allow
  them to be duplicated
- Top level heading for the currently described mechanism would need a fitting
  name
- **ACTION** @benjie - contact Denis: does the current spec work well with
  websockets/SSE?
- **ACTION** @benjie - check spec-md is working correctly and split the spec up in
  sections

## Issue organisation

- **ACTION** @gabriel - go through the issues and close those that are not relevant
  any more
- **ACTION** @gabriel - copy across the issue labels from the main spec repo
- Assignment to milestones Pre and Post 1.0, close September 2020 milestone

## Other

- Aim for July Spec WG: tell them that we’ll be presenting it at the next (Aug)
  WG, so wait a week or two and then have a read ready.
- **ACTION** @benjie - try and schedule a next meeting shortly after the July Spec
  WG, preferably at a time that David and Denis can attend.
