# GraphQL-over-HTTP WG - April 2025

**Watch the replay**:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nHSixplvCc0&list=PLP1igyLx8foEz9127xc0SsabIrbTMt9g5

Agenda:
https://github.com/graphql/graphql-over-http/blob/main/working-group/agendas/2025/04-Apr/24-graphql-over-http-wg-april-2025.md

Participants:

- @shane32
- @martinbonnin
- @benjie

## Watershed

- The watershed was January, 2025. It is now April, should we remove it?
- Benjie asked for some actual data. GraphQL mostly uses 200.
- If we were to keep the watershed, it should be well in the future.
- Aim: Merge next Thursday, based on preexisting PR approvals by shane32,
  enisdenjo, martinbonnin, benjie.

## Partial success response code

- 200 for everything is a common complaint
- With our new status code, we allow non 2xx for errors.
- It would be good to have a non-200 status code for partial responses.
- There is no suitable HTTP status code for now.
- WebDav has 207 (multi-status).
- 206 is about byte ranges. We don’t want to overload this.
- We should allocate ours in the high 29x (294? 247?)
- Shane: this would be useful for logging, what else?
- Status codes are not really useful for the clients. They can deduce everything
  from the body.
- It’s for proxies, status monitoring, etc…
- Is it a MUST? Is it a SHOULD?
- Shane: how do we make sure we are not conflicting?
- It would be good to have unified status code for future tooling.
- Benjie: We are not supposed to allocate our own status codes. But some people
  have done it (Twitter, 420)
- It’s for your own backend tooling => If you choose to not do it, this is fine.
- Martin: why do we even mandate 2xx?
- Benjie: It’s a tradition, better for client compatibility .
- We also want to reuse 4xx and 5xx
- Ideally we want everyone to implement it in the same way.
- Shane: Helps improve logging.
- Not sure I would mandate it because it’s not on IANA’s list but that’s the
  only real reason.
- In all cases, having a specific code would be really useful.

## Security

- Merge the security note?

## Triaging

- If everyone wants to do some triage, let’s go for it.

## Release

- Aim to release together with the new spec release in July?
