# GraphQL-over-HTTP WG - 25th January 2024

**Watch the replay**:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nHSixplvCc0&list=PLP1igyLx8foEz9127xc0SsabIrbTMt9g5

Agenda:
https://github.com/graphql/graphql-over-http/blob/main/working-group/agendas/2025/01-Jan/30-graphql-over-http-wg-january-2025.md

Participants:

- @shane32
- @martinbonnin
- @benjie
- @enisdenjo

## Watershed

- [https://github.com/graphql/graphql-over-http/pull/322](https://github.com/graphql/graphql-over-http/pull/322)
- Aim of the spec:
  - Benjie: describe the status quo
  - Benjie: increase compatibility by describing what’s used right now
- Benjie: this was expected to be released pretty quickly. The watershed dates
  ~2 years ago.
- Security and other discussions have delayed the 1.0 release
- Follow up features:
  - Batched variables
  - Trusted documents
  - Etc…
- Denis: the “must” are implemented. The “should” are not always
- It’s not released yet
- Benjie: serving over HTTP is relatively straightforward.
- People were just using the “serving over HTTP” page. Requiring the new content
  type would break those.
- Shane: technically, a server that does not support the new content-type
  wouldn’t be compliant because they would not auto switch.
- There’s a difference between server and clients. We could require clients to
  send both content-types and relieve some of the pain for server.
- Shane: HTTP spec mandates the order of the Accept header. Or is it?
- Benjie: We could remove the watershed and release as-is
- Benjie: partial HTTP status code is probably something we want to add before
  releasing
- Denis: 200 is recommended only if there are no “errors”
- Benjie: We could make an update with a “should” but it’d be better for
  compatibility if we could make it a “must”.
- Benjie: we should consider making 200 a “MUST” if data is present and there is
  no error.

## Spec status

- What about clients sending no “accept” headers?
- If the client doesn’t send an “accept” header, the client can do whatever it
  wants
- We could mandate the “accept” header for any graphql client.
- Is this something we include in the testing suite?
- Not really, testing clients is a lot of work.
- Does it matter if a curl client isn’t a compliant client?
- Maybe not as long as the server would return something. The script would still
  work.
- If we want to change the aim of the spec, we can! Filing an issue is the way
  to go.
- Benjie: question for the GraphQL foundation board: how many requests do not
  have an “accept” header?
- Martin: would be also useful to know what percentage of servers support the
  new media type
- Benjie: the only thing holding the spec back is security.
- Issue 280
